System Manager:
    AWS Quick Setup helps you configure frequently used AWS services and features across your organization with fewer clicks.
    How it works:
        1. Choose a Home Region -
            Quick Setup creates the AWS resources used to deploy all of your configurations in the AWS Region you specify. The home Region can’t be changed once chosen.
        2. Choose a configuration type -
            Quick Setup provides a library of configuration types that automate common setup tasks and deploy configurations for services based on best practices.
        3. Specify configuration options 
        4. Deploy and review


Session Manager:
    Connect to your instances by starting a secure and auditable session.

    Session Manager is a managed service that provides you with one-click secure access to your instances without the need to open inbound ports and manage bastion hosts. 
    You have centralized access control over who can access your instances and full auditing capabilities to ensure compliance with corporate policies.

    How it works:
        1.Configure your instances to use Session Manager
        2.Assign user IAM policies to control instance access
        3.Specify account options for session logs.
        4.Start a session on your instances by launching bash or shell terminal

    Why use Session Manager:
        Improved security posture -
            Avoid the need to set up or maintain bastion hosts, to open up inbound SSH or remote PowerShell ports, or to provision or manage SSH keys and certificates.

        Centralized access control -
            Grant and revoke access control to instances from one location using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

        Detailed audit records -
            Quickly view audit trails of user access to machines. Review session logs to debug or troubleshoot the actions performed on an instance during a session.

        Cross-platform and VPC support -
            Enjoy one-click access to Windows and Linux instances, and integration with AWS PrivateLink for access instances without public IP addresses.